gh-73965: New environment variable PYTHON_HISTORY (#13208)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.8.rst

* Added new ``replace()`` method to the code type (:class:`types.CodeType`).
  (Contributed by Victor Stinner in :issue:`37032`.)

> * The new :envvar:`PYTHONHISTORY` environment variable can be used to change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new :envvar:`PYTHON_HISTORY` environment variable can be used to change
```
And move this to `Doc/whatsnew/3.13.rst`
